[14.0][ADD] purchase_order_price_recalculation: New addon. (#1410)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_order_price_recalculation/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_order_price_recalculation
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-purchase_order_price_recalculation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module add one button on purchase orders (below sale order lines) that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds one button on purchase orders (below the lines) that:
```

* Recalculates the prices of the order lines that contain a product in them.

> It is launched manually as a button to get the user decide if he/she wants to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is launched manually as a button to get the user to decide if he/she wants to
```
